Add mozilla festival governance game session (#46)
publiccodenet/projects: talks-and-articles.md

Here are slides or recordings of conference talks we've given:

> - [The Governance Game: a tool for scenario modelling opensource collaborations](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Dt0WFla4eeM), Arts & Media by Jan Ainali at [Mozilla Festival](https://schedule.mozillafestival.org/session/ZXSPX3-1) (March 2021)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [The Governance Game: a tool for scenario modelling open source collaborations](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Dt0WFla4eeM), Arts & Media by Jan Ainali at [Mozilla Festival](https://schedule.mozillafestival.org/session/ZXSPX3-1) (March 2021)
```
